README.md, before:

# Top Down Third Person Game

## TODOs (Current)
- [ ]  Type 3 - Darkness (Fade)
    - [ ]  Ability Primary - Shoot bolts to mark enemies who take damage over time
    - [ ]  Ability Secondary - Charge to shoot a blast forward and increase the damage from primary for some time
    - [ ]  Ability Tertiary - Shadow Movement. Similar to how Rogue from Sabertooth moved
    - [ ]  Ability Ultimate - Inflict Fade Ultimate and Paranoia as a pulse

## TODOs (Future)
### All characters heals HP when not in combat after sometime.
- [ ]  Type 4 - Grenadier (Raze)
    - [ ]  Ability Primary - Slow shooting sticky bombs XD (cringe... sorry Raze)
    - [ ]  Ability Secondary - Soldier 76 Grenades
    - [ ]  Ability Tertiary - Fine… Raze Satchel
    - [ ]  Ability Ultimate - Here comes the party! :smile:
- [ ]  Type 5 - Engineer (Killjoy)
    - [ ]  Ability Primary - Place a Turret that deals damage
    - [ ]  Ability Secondary - Grenade Cluster that also knockbacks enemies a small amount
    - [ ]  Ability Tertiary - Gibraltar shield from Apex
    - [ ]  Ability Ultimate - Allies get a movement speed buff and a protective shield around them
- [ ] Make a Global Controller to handle effects like changing everyone's timings and giving shields and stuff...
- [ ] Add Damage and Health Systems (Both must be modifiable by effects)

## TODOs (Done)
- [X] Player Movement
    - [X] Basic Player Movement
    - [X] Top-down camera similar to old Pokemon games but can be moved 360 deg
    - [X] Basic movement should be similar to Bullet Hell games
        - [X] WASD Movement
        - [X] Run
    - [X] Ability System for Movement
    - [X] Primary Ability
    - [X] Secondary Ability
    - [X] Ultimate Ability
    - [X] Abilities modify everything (Movement/Shooting/Controls etc.)
- [X]  Type 1 - Default Call of Duty Character
    - [X]  Ability Primary - Simple Shooting
    - [X]  Ability Secondary - Sojourn Charge
    - [X]  Ability Tertiary - Dash
    - [X]  Ability Ultimate - All abilities cooldowns decreased for allies in range
- [X]  Type 2 - Water Bender
    - [X]  Ability Primary - Water slash attacks since if the player swings around their camera too much the game experience will not be good
    - [X]  Ability Secondary - Create an Ice Wall that block incoming damage (Can be Broken)
    - [X]  Ability Tertiary - Become water and move anywhere without taking damage
    - [X]  Ability Ultimate - Water bubble to trap the enemy

Commit message:

- Fixed issue with Shoot Timing - Added Primary for Dark character

README.md, after:

# Top Down Third Person Game

## TODOs (Current)
- [ ]  Type 3 - Darkness (Fade)
    - [X]  Ability Primary - Shoots a spray of bullets that inflict damage overtime
    - [ ]  Ability Secondary - Charge to shoot a blast forward and increase the damage from primary for some time
    - [ ]  Ability Tertiary - Shadow Movement. Similar to how Rogue from Sabertooth moved
    - [ ]  Ability Ultimate - Inflict Fade Ultimate and Paranoia as a pulse

## TODOs (Future)
### All characters heals HP when not in combat after sometime.
- [ ]  Type 4 - Grenadier (Raze)
    - [ ]  Ability Primary - Slow shooting sticky bombs XD (cringe... sorry Raze)
    - [ ]  Ability Secondary - Soldier 76 Grenades
    - [ ]  Ability Tertiary - Fine… Raze Satchel
    - [ ]  Ability Ultimate - Here comes the party! :smile:
- [ ]  Type 5 - Engineer (Killjoy)
    - [ ]  Ability Primary - Place a Turret that deals damage
    - [ ]  Ability Secondary - Grenade Cluster that also knockbacks enemies a small amount
    - [ ]  Ability Tertiary - Gibraltar shield from Apex
    - [ ]  Ability Ultimate - Allies get a movement speed buff and a protective shield around them
- [ ] Make a Global Controller to handle effects like changing everyone's timings and giving shields and stuff...
- [ ] Add Damage and Health Systems (Both must be modifiable by effects)

## TODOs (Done)
- [X] Player Movement
    - [X] Basic Player Movement
    - [X] Top-down camera similar to old Pokemon games but can be moved 360 deg
    - [X] Basic movement should be similar to Bullet Hell games
        - [X] WASD Movement
        - [X] Run
    - [X] Ability System for Movement
    - [X] Primary Ability
    - [X] Secondary Ability
    - [X] Ultimate Ability
    - [X] Abilities modify everything (Movement/Shooting/Controls etc.)
- [X]  Type 1 - Default Call of Duty Character
    - [X]  Ability Primary - Simple Shooting
    - [X]  Ability Secondary - Sojourn Charge
    - [X]  Ability Tertiary - Dash
    - [X]  Ability Ultimate - All abilities cooldowns decreased for allies in range
- [X]  Type 2 - Water Bender
    - [X]  Ability Primary - Water slash attacks since if the player swings around their camera too much the game experience will not be good
    - [X]  Ability Secondary - Create an Ice Wall that block incoming damage (Can be Broken)
    - [X]  Ability Tertiary - Become water and move anywhere without taking damage
    - [X]  Ability Ultimate - Water bubble to trap the enemy
